README.markdown, before:

Welcome to Foundation
=====================

Foundation is a rock-solid, responsive framework for rapidly prototyping and iterating into production code. It includes a 12-column, future-friendly grid and tons of great tools and elements that'll get you up and running in no time. Clone the repo to get the marketing site, docs, and base source. You can also visit http://foundation.zurb.com to download just the base source as a starting boilerplate.

Homepage:      http://foundation.zurb.com  
Documentation: http://foundation.zurb.com/docs  
Download:      http://foundation.zurb.com/files/foundation-download-2.2.zip  

Foundation is MIT-licensed and absolutely free to use. Foundation wouldn't be possible without the support of the entire ZURB team, our friends and colleagues who gave feedback, and some luminaries who did some heavy lifting that we took advantage of (thanks guys).

Repo Contents
=============

* README
* IMAGES - Base images for Orbit and some standard elements
* INCLUDES - Header and footer (currently PHP)
* index.php
* JAVASCRIPTS - jQuery, app.js placeholder, placeholder
* MARKETING - the entire marketing site (foundation.zurb.com)
* robots.txt - Boilerplate robots file
* STYLESHEETS - the Foundation stylesheets

ZURB
====

Foundation was made by [ZURB](http://www.zurb.com), an interaction design and design strategy firm in Campbell, CA.

If Foundation knocks your socks off the way we hope it does and you want more, why not check out [our jobs](http://www.zurb.com/talent/jobs)?

Community
=========

Many thanks to all the people working on Foundation either to improve the base code or to support specific frameworks. If you want to get on this readme send an email to foundation@zurb.com, and if you have questions you can join the Unofficial Foundation Google Group here: http://groups.google.com/group/foundation-framework-

WordPress

* [Starter Theme](https://github.com/drewsymo/Foundation) by Drew Morris
* [Reverie](http://themefortress.com/reverie/) by Zhen

Joomla

* [Joomla Template](https://github.com/meridiansoftech/joomla_foundation_template) by Arnold Mwumva Ford, Meridian Softech

Drupal

* [Drupal Theme](https://github.com/drewkennelly/foundation7) by Drew Kennelly

MODX

* [MODX Version](http://designfromwithin.com/blog/2012/02/07/foundation-modx/) by Menno Pietersen

.NET

* [NuGet Package for ASP.Net MVC](http://www.nuget.org/packages/Zurb_Foundation_MVC3) by Edward Charbeneau, @EdCharbeneau

Other Implementations

* [Mobile First](https://github.com/admfrhd/mobile-first-foundation) by Adam Fairhead
* [Less Version](https://github.com/justinmarsan/FoundationLess) by Justin Marsan
* [Less with Color Scheme](https://github.com/matalin/FoundationLess) by Matalin Hatchard

Editors

* [Textmate/Sublime Text2 Bundle](https://github.com/liamr/Zurb-Foundation-Textmate-Bundle) by Liam R, @liamr

PSD Templates

* [Desktop, Tablet and Phone Grid Templates](http://foundation.zurb.com/files/foundation-psd-templates.zip ) by Bruce Abel at Portfolio Creative Services Group

Grid Generator

* [Experimental Grid Generator](http://www.gridlover.net/foundation/) courtesy of [Ville Vanninen](http://foolproof.me)

MIT Open Source License
=======================

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added some lines to README

README.markdown, after:

### Additions
I added some boilerplate of [require.js](http://requirejs.org) and front-end development utilities([ CoffeeScript ](http://coffeescript.org) + [Stylus](http://learnboost.github.com/stylus/) + [Livereload](https://github.com/mnmly/node-livereload)) for personal use :)


Welcome to Foundation
=====================

Foundation is a rock-solid, responsive framework for rapidly prototyping and iterating into production code. It includes a 12-column, future-friendly grid and tons of great tools and elements that'll get you up and running in no time. Clone the repo to get the marketing site, docs, and base source. You can also visit http://foundation.zurb.com to download just the base source as a starting boilerplate.

Homepage:      http://foundation.zurb.com  
Documentation: http://foundation.zurb.com/docs  
Download:      http://foundation.zurb.com/files/foundation-download-2.2.zip  

Foundation is MIT-licensed and absolutely free to use. Foundation wouldn't be possible without the support of the entire ZURB team, our friends and colleagues who gave feedback, and some luminaries who did some heavy lifting that we took advantage of (thanks guys).

Repo Contents
=============

* README
* IMAGES - Base images for Orbit and some standard elements
* INCLUDES - Header and footer (currently PHP)
* index.php
* JAVASCRIPTS - jQuery, app.js placeholder, placeholder
* MARKETING - the entire marketing site (foundation.zurb.com)
* robots.txt - Boilerplate robots file
* STYLESHEETS - the Foundation stylesheets

ZURB
====

Foundation was made by [ZURB](http://www.zurb.com), an interaction design and design strategy firm in Campbell, CA.

If Foundation knocks your socks off the way we hope it does and you want more, why not check out [our jobs](http://www.zurb.com/talent/jobs)?

Community
=========

Many thanks to all the people working on Foundation either to improve the base code or to support specific frameworks. If you want to get on this readme send an email to foundation@zurb.com, and if you have questions you can join the Unofficial Foundation Google Group here: http://groups.google.com/group/foundation-framework-

WordPress

* [Starter Theme](https://github.com/drewsymo/Foundation) by Drew Morris
* [Reverie](http://themefortress.com/reverie/) by Zhen

Joomla

* [Joomla Template](https://github.com/meridiansoftech/joomla_foundation_template) by Arnold Mwumva Ford, Meridian Softech

Drupal

* [Drupal Theme](https://github.com/drewkennelly/foundation7) by Drew Kennelly

MODX

* [MODX Version](http://designfromwithin.com/blog/2012/02/07/foundation-modx/) by Menno Pietersen

.NET

* [NuGet Package for ASP.Net MVC](http://www.nuget.org/packages/Zurb_Foundation_MVC3) by Edward Charbeneau, @EdCharbeneau

Other Implementations

* [Mobile First](https://github.com/admfrhd/mobile-first-foundation) by Adam Fairhead
* [Less Version](https://github.com/justinmarsan/FoundationLess) by Justin Marsan
* [Less with Color Scheme](https://github.com/matalin/FoundationLess) by Matalin Hatchard

Editors

* [Textmate/Sublime Text2 Bundle](https://github.com/liamr/Zurb-Foundation-Textmate-Bundle) by Liam R, @liamr

PSD Templates

* [Desktop, Tablet and Phone Grid Templates](http://foundation.zurb.com/files/foundation-psd-templates.zip ) by Bruce Abel at Portfolio Creative Services Group

Grid Generator

* [Experimental Grid Generator](http://www.gridlover.net/foundation/) courtesy of [Ville Vanninen](http://foolproof.me)

MIT Open Source License
=======================

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
